Feature 1349 update client documentation (#1982)
mercedes-benz/sechub: sechub-doc/src/docs/asciidoc/documents/shared/configuration/sechub_config.adoc

// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
=== SecHub configuration JSON

A `{sechub}` configuration  must be valid `JSON` and is defined
at caller side.

> It is used by client and also by rest calls to start {sechub}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is used by the client and also by rest calls to start {sechub}
```

Author: done

`server` (optional) defines the location to `{sechub}` server.
Information can be used by client implementations.

NOTE: This is optional parameter only interesting for the client to pass the URL.
      Every REST call contains the server URL already.

==== Project
`project` (optional) defines the project to use. Information can be used by
client implementations.

NOTE: When using project id related REST calls, you do not need the project id inside the configuration.

[[sechub-config-code-scan]]
==== Code scan
`codeScan` (optional) defines the settings for code scans.

===== Upload source files from file system
This section applies only to the {sechub} client.

> All source code files inside the defined folders will be automatically zipped and uploaded by `{sechub}` client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All source code files inside the defined folders will be automatically zipped and uploaded by the `{sechub}` client
```

Author: done

> to server side for source code analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the server for source code analysis.
```

Author: changed

> Pathes must be defined relative to caller location - for example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paths must be defined relative to caller location - for example
```

Author: That's a good one - I have changed this in multiple files.

This becomes useful e.g. if the same sources are used by different scan types.

TIP: We _recommend_ using the `data` section.

Example `sechub.json` using `data` section

[[sechub-config-example-sourcescan-with-data-section]]
[source, json]
----
include::sechub_config_example1_sourcescan_data_section.json[]
----
<1> Define code scan
<2> Upload source code (in contrast to binary uploads)
<3> `fileSystem` - means uploading sources from local filesystem to {sechub} server
<3> Upload will contain sources from `gamechanger-android/src/main/java` and `gamechanger-server/src/main/java` and their sub folders
<4> Exclude directories (optional), the https://ant.apache.org/manual/Types/fileset.html[ANT fileset pattern notation] is supported. +
    * In the example above all files in directories named `mytestcode` and their subdirectories are excluded from upload.
    * Also all files matching `*.config` are excluded in any directory
    * Default excludes: +
     Per default, the directories `+**/test/**+` `+**/.git/**+` `+**/node_modules/**+` are already excluded.
<5> The {sechub} client only adds "well known" sources into the upload zip file.

>     This removes unnecessary stuff and so reduces upload size and scan duration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This removes unnecessary files and reduces the upload size and scan duration.
```

Author: changed
